this is only three weeks away very good
Christmas gift kids are making their
lists to help them kind of gear mo and I
as we've been known to do dressed up as
elves
to give Santa a heads up on a young lady
named Emma hello there hi what's your
name Emma hi Emma
have a seat baby you're happy yeah there
you go all right
well welcome how old are you I'm four
years old and are you excited about
Christmas Wow have you been good this
year
yeah do you want toys this year Wow from
home I'm sad not very good we work for
Santa can I see your letter to Santa all
right let's see what it says here papi
luckily sat - speaks toddler so we'll
we'll get him to translate this why
don't you tell us what you want this
year um I want it there a bear
what kind of bear teddy bear uh I sing a
baby bear you want a baby bear like a
real one like a real baby bear okay
it seemed safe do you live in the woods
uh yes you do okay very good
okay what else would you like I like a
little cat a bear and a cat a real cat
or a toy cat um real cat okay do you
have pets ah yes what do you have a
hamster oh what's the hamsters name
classy classy the hamsters sounds like a
dancer
classy huh is classy classy yeah okay
let's talk about some of the naughty
things you've done this year what is
this drawing you've made for us
um I hide mommy's wallet you hold this
is hiding mommy's wallet Wow
you hid Bobby's wallet what did mommy
say when you hid her wallet is she mad a
little bit mad and will you ever hide
her wallet again I nope no of course not
right yeah all right well it sounds like
you really want animals right okay so
now here's what I'm gonna ask you to do
is jump off the seat stand right here
okay so now I want you to close your
eyes okay and wish for an animal and now
have you made the wish yes
I'm puppy don't tell me what it is okay
make a wish okay what'd you wish for um
a public oh yeah but don't tell me what
it is okay okay try it again
close your eyes did you make your wish
yes okay very good open your eyes would
you wish for um that everybody killed
for me did everybody care for you well
everybody does care for you
did you also wish for a puppy what okay
we're gonna have to do this again close
your eyes okay don't tell me what you
wish for okay we have to keep it a
secret okay open your eyes
did you wait for a puppy what okay yeah
yeah close your eyes again because yeah
we got to make sure it's a secret so
close your eyes mm-hmm are you wishing
for a puppy right now okay don't tell me
all right
okay now are you wishing now yes what
are you imagining right now I don't know
nothing is it a puppy yes okay okay
we've gotta try this again now go ahead
and open your eyes now close your eyes
now make a wish
are you wishing for what you want what
is it a puppy okay
don't the next time I ask if it's a
puppy don't tell me okay
open your eyes close your eyes now make
a wish
are you wishing for a puppy right now
okay forget it alright just go ahead and
push this candy cane and that's enough
something a big surprise gonna come out
okay here we go
just what you wish for here it comes
here comes what you wanted what do you
think what are you gonna name it
Huna alright there you go have fun guys
[Music]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season apply my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and drew it all
the money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country and if you
don't support that you are a bunch